README.md, before:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) Your Development Environment

> Unit 1, Lesson 2

---

## Materials We Provide

| Topic | Description | Link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Lesson | Two part lesson, outlined below | [Here](Your-Development-Environment.ipynb) |
| Extra Materials | Jupyter Notebook Practice | [Here](IpythonNotebookPractice/ipynb_practice1.ipynb) |
| Solutions | Jupyter Notebook Practice Solutions | [Here](IpythonNotebookPractice/solution-code/ipynb_practice1-solution.ipynb) |
| Extra Materials | Source Materials Adapted For This Lesson | [Here](IpythonNotebookPractice/assets/originals/) |


---

## Learning Objectives

### Part 1 : Using the Command Line

- Create folders and files using the command line (`mkdir`, `touch`).
- Change directories and list directory content (`cd`, `ls`).
- Check the current working directory (`pwd`).

### Part 2 : Introduction to Git

- Use and explain common Git commands, including `init`, `add`, `commit`, `push`, `pull`, and `clone`.
- Distinguish between local and remote repositories.
- Create, copy, and delete repositories locally or on GitHub.
- Clone remote repositories.
- Establish Secure Shell connections to remote repositories.

----

## Lesson Outline

**Part 1 : Using the Command Line**
- Introduction
- Command Line
- Paths
- Editing and Examining Files
- Finding Files
- Independent Practice
- Intro to IDEs
- Conclusion

**Part 2 : Git and GitHub**
- Introduction
- Git Basics
- GitHub & GitHub Enterprise Accounts
- Creating and Cloning Repos
- Pulling
- Secure Shell(SSH)
- Independent Practice
- Conclusion

---

## Student Requirements

Before this lesson(s), students should already be able to:
- Login to your General Assembly GitHub Enterprise account.
- Determine your current python version
- [Download and install Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads)
- [Download and install `git bash` if needed](https://git-for-windows.github.io)

## Additional Resources

For more information on this topic, check out the following resources:

- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Here-Cheatsheet)
- [Terminal: Mac vs PC](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28487128/what-program-in-windows-is-equivalent-to-oss-terminal)
- [Try Git - Basic Syntax practice](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
- [Extra Command Line Practice](http://generalassembly.github.io/prework/cl/)
- [Jupyter Notebook Documentation](https://jupyter-notebook-beginner-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

Commit message:

Add timings in README. Add PyCharm to IDEs, note Jupyter is not an IDE.

README.md, after:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) Your Development Environment

> Unit 1, Lesson 2

---

## Materials We Provide

| Topic | Description | Link |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Lesson | Two part lesson, outlined below | [Here](Your-Development-Environment.ipynb) |
| Extra Materials | Jupyter Notebook Practice | [Here](IpythonNotebookPractice/ipynb_practice1.ipynb) |
| Solutions | Jupyter Notebook Practice Solutions | [Here](IpythonNotebookPractice/solution-code/ipynb_practice1-solution.ipynb) |
| Extra Materials | Source Materials Adapted For This Lesson | [Here](IpythonNotebookPractice/assets/originals/) |

The Jupyter Notebook Practice can be used as a take-home practice assignment. Students often do not understand Git, so the majority of this lesson will be understanding and practicing Git.

---

## Learning Objectives

### Part 1 : Using the Command Line

- Create folders and files using the command line (`mkdir`, `touch`).
- Change directories and list directory content (`cd`, `ls`).
- Check the current working directory (`pwd`).

### Part 2 : Introduction to Git

- Use and explain common Git commands, including `init`, `add`, `commit`, `push`, `pull`, and `clone`.
- Distinguish between local and remote repositories.
- Create, copy, and delete repositories locally or on GitHub.
- Clone remote repositories.
- Establish Secure Shell connections to remote repositories.

----

## Lesson Outline

**Part 1 : Using the Command Line** (70 mins)
- Introduction
- Command Line (10 mins)
- Paths/Navigating (20 mins)
- Editing and Examining Files (10 mins)
- Finding Files (10 mins)
- Independent Practice (10 mins)
- Intro to IDEs (10 mins)
- Conclusion

**Part 2 : Git and GitHub** (100 mins)
- Introduction
- Git Basics (15 mins)
- Codealong: Let's Git into it! (20 mins)
- Setting up Accounts: GitHub & GitHub Enterprise Accounts (10 mins)
- Codealong: Creating and Cloning Repos (20 mins)
- Codealong: Create a Pull Request on GitHub: (15 mins)
- Secure Shell(SSH) (10 mins)
- Independent Practice (10 mins)
- Conclusion

---

## Student Requirements

Before this lesson(s), students should already be able to:
- Login to your General Assembly GitHub Enterprise account.
- Determine your current python version
- [Download and install Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads)
- [Download and install `git bash` if needed](https://git-for-windows.github.io)

## Additional Resources

For more information on this topic, check out the following resources:

- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Here-Cheatsheet)
- [Terminal: Mac vs PC](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28487128/what-program-in-windows-is-equivalent-to-oss-terminal)
- [Try Git - Basic Syntax practice](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
- [Extra Command Line Practice](http://generalassembly.github.io/prework/cl/)
- [Jupyter Notebook Documentation](https://jupyter-notebook-beginner-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
